Add basic documents and charm terraform module (#14)
canonical/opencti-operator: README.md

Use links instead.
-->

# OpenCTI Operator

[![CharmHub Badge](https://charmhub.io/opencti/badge.svg)](https://charmhub.io/opencti)
[![Publish to edge](https://github.com/canonical/opencti-operator/actions/workflows/publish_charm.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/canonical/opencti-operator/actions/workflows/publish_charm.yaml)
[![Promote charm](https://github.com/canonical/opencti-operator/actions/workflows/promote_charm.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/canonical/opencti-operator/actions/workflows/promote_charm.yaml)
[![Discourse Status](https://img.shields.io/discourse/status?server=https%3A%2F%2Fdiscourse.charmhub.io&style=flat&label=CharmHub%20Discourse)](https://discourse.charmhub.io)

> A [Juju](https://juju.is/) [charm](https://juju.is/docs/olm/charmed-operators)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [Juju](https://juju.is/) [charm](https://canonical-juju.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/3.6/user/reference/charm/)
```

for deploying and managing the [OpenCTI](https://filigran.io/solutions/open-cti/)
open source threat intelligence platform in your systems.

This charm simplifies the configuration and maintenance of OpenCTI system and 
commonly used OpenCTI connectors across a range of environments, enabling users
to collect, correlate, and leverage threat data at strategic, operational and 
tactical levels.

For information about how to deploy, integrate, and manage this charm, see the

> Official [OpenCTI Charm Documentation](external link).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Official [OpenCTI Charm Documentation](https://charmhub.io/opencti).
```

juju deploy opencti --channel latest/edge
```

Configure minio to provide a S3 compatible storage for the OpenCTI charm.

```bash
export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=minioadmin
export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=minioadmin
export AWS_ENDPOINT_URL=http://$(juju status --format=json | jq -r '.applications.minio.units."minio/0".address'):9000
aws s3 mb s3://opencti
juju run s3-integrator/0 sync-s3-credentials --string-args access-key=minioadmin secret-key=minioadmin
```

Integrate the OpenCTI charm with all its dependencies.

```bash
juju integrate opencti lxd:admin/welcome-lxd.opensearch-client
juju integrate opencti lxd:admin/welcome-lxd.amqp
juju integrate opencti redis-k8s
juju integrate opencti s3-integrator
juju integrate opencti nginx-ingress-integrator
```

Create the initial admin user for the OpenCTI deployment and provide it to the 
OpenCTI charm.

```bash
OPENCTI_ADMIN_USER_SECRET_ID=$(juju add-secret opencti-admin-user email=admin@example.com password=test)
juju grant-secret opencti-admin-user opencti
juju config opencti admin-user=$OPENCTI_ADMIN_USER_SECRET_ID
```

> ### Basic operations

Reviewer: It feels like this section should be renamed -- maybe to something like `### Access OpenCTI`.

It's okay if there isn't a "basic operations" section -- but if there are some basic features of the charm that you think are worth mentioning in the README, then I would promote the heading like `## Basic operations` and include the list. Maybe the 1-2 most useful actions or configurations that the user should know about, or a brief explanation about the connector charms (for instance, whether you can add unlimited connector charms).

When the OpenCTI charm has completed deployment and installation, you can 
access OpenCTI from a browser. First, we need to modify the `/etc/hosts` file 
to point the `opencti.local` domain to the IP address of the virtual machine.  
After that, we can access the OpenCTI instance in the browser using the address 
`http://opencti.local` and the test admin username `admin@example.com` and
password `test`.  

## Integrations

> ### `opencti-connector` Integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
I think you can remove this heading since it's the only integration you talk about in this section

The `opencti-connector` integration integrates the OpenCTI charm and OpenCTI 
connector charms. OpenCTI connectors are add-ons used by OpenCTI for platform 
integration with other tools and applications. The OpenCTI connector 
charms help with the deployment, configuration, and management of OpenCTI 
connectors.

Existing OpenCTI connector charms can be found [here](connectors).

> For deploying and integrating a OpenCTI connector charm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy and integrate an OpenCTI connector charm with:
```
